Updated README.md. The plugins is available on nixpkgs (#37)
jannis-baum/vivify.vim: README.md

- with Plug: `Plug jannis-baum/vivify.vim`
- with Lazy: `{ "jannis-baum/vivify.vim" }`
- ...

> 
> The plugin is available in [nixpkgs-unstable](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&query=vivify-vim) as `vimPlugins.vivify-vim`. You can add it with HomeManager by adding it to:
> 
> - `programs.vim.plugins` (for Vim)
> - `programs.neovim.plugins` (for Neovim)

Reviewer: Actually I'm thinking we should add a separate section for Nix from the (n)vim plugin managers,

And while I'm not familiar with [Home Manager](https://github.com/nix-community/home-manager), looks like it should be spelled Home Manager vs. HomeManager, so suggesting that change also.

```suggestion

### Nix

The plugin is available in [nixpkgs-unstable](https://search.nixos.org/packages?channel=unstable&query=vivify-vim) as `vimPlugins.vivify-vim`. You can add it with Home Manager by adding it to:

- `programs.vim.plugins` (for Vim)
- `programs.neovim.plugins` (for Neovim)
```

Reviewer: Is the Home Manager example necessary by the way? Would people who use Nix know how to use the package from the link alone?

Author: Some Nix users don't use Home Manager. This would make them realize that adding plugins in a declarative manner without Home Manager is impossible.
But yeah, it's a really unlikely scenario. If you think it's useless, I trust your judgment.

Reviewer: Ok, I'd say if the example is useful, let's keep it

It's hard for me to say, don't really know anything about how Nix works or is typically used :smile: 

Maybe we could add the section as my suggestion above?

Author: that looks good to me :+1:
